Embed Lambda library docs (#8359)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/datadog_lambda_library/_index.md

  tag: "Datadog Lambda Library for Python"
  text: "Datadog Lambda Library for Python"
- link: "/serverless/datadog_lambda_library/nodejs"
  tag: "Datadog Lambda Library for Node.js"
  text: "Datadog Lambda Library for Node.js"
- link: "/serverless/datadog_lambda_library/ruby"
  tag: "Datadog Lambda Library for Ruby"
  text: "Datadog Lambda Library for Ruby"
- link: "/serverless/datadog_lambda_library/go"
  tag: "Datadog Lambda Library for Go"
  text: "Datadog Lambda Library for Go"
- link: "/serverless/datadog_lambda_library/java"
  tag: "Datadog Lambda Library for Java"
  text: "Datadog Lambda Library for Java"
---

{{< img src="serverless/datadog_lambda_library.png" alt="Datadog Lambda Library"  style="width:100%;">}}

The Datadog Lambda Library is responsible for:

- Generating real-time [enhanced Lambda metrics][1] for invocations, errors, cold starts, estimated costs, etc.
- Submitting [custom metrics][2] (synchronously and asynchronously).
- Enabling [Datadog APM and Distributed Tracing][3], currently available for Node.js, Python, and Ruby with more runtimes coming soon.

The Datadog Lambda Library is NOT responsible for:

> - Collecting Lambda metrics from CloudWatch (see [AWS Lambda Integration][4])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lambda metrics from CloudWatch (see [AWS Lambda Integration][4])
```

> - Collecting Lambda traces from X-Ray (see [AWS X-Ray integration][5])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lambda traces from X-Ray (see [AWS X-Ray integration][5])
```

> - Collecting Lambda logs from CloudWatch (see [Datadog Forwarder][6])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lambda logs from CloudWatch (see [Datadog Forwarder][6])
```

> Datadog distributes the Lambda library as a package for Python, Node.js, Ruby, Go and Java, which can be installed through the common package managers, such as pip, npm, gem, maven and etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog distributes the Lambda library as a package for Python, Node.js, Ruby, Go, and Java. Packages are installed through the common package managers, such as pip, npm, gem, maven, etc.
```
